docs(plugins): add ExtendedAPIPlugin doc (#3185)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/plugins/extended-api-plugin.md

---
title: ExtendedAPIPlugin
contributors:
  - shaodahong
---

> The `ExtendedAPIPlugin` adds two free vars to the bundle

Reviewer: According to Sokra's comment that you've linked:

```suggestion
The `ExtendedAPIPlugin` adds two free variables to the compilation, which adds the global hash to the [runtime](/concepts/manifest/#runtime).
```

- `__webpack_hash__` The hash of chunk
- `__webpack_chunkname__` The name of chunk

> W> Don't combine it with the HotModuleReplacementPlugin. Because HotModuleReplacementPlugin do same thing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
W> Don't combine `ExtendedAPIPlugin` with the `HotModuleReplacementPlugin` to avoid conflicts, they both add hashes to runtime.
```

> W> Don't combine it with the `[chunkhash]` or `[contenthash]`. See this [PR](https://github.com/webpack/webpack/pull/7987#pullrequestreview-153760830).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
W> Don't combine `ExtendedAPIPlugin` with the usage of `[chunkhash]` or `[contenthash]` in [output configuration](/configuration/output/#outputfilename). See this [pull request](https://github.com/webpack/webpack/pull/7987#pullrequestreview-153760830) for details.
```
